What do I mean?
Let me tell you clearly
Li Xiaolin ran away
Run into the mountains and forests
I must have lost my way for a while and couldn't come back
When he comes back, we will cook the raw rice into cooked rice.
Hey, why are you here again?
Let me tell you something.
Go quickly
If Li Xiaoling finds out, I can't report you
Okay, okay.
Pack up these things quickly
I'm going to eat tonight
Also, in the future, the heavy work of doing laundry and fetching water
Don't let Li Mingyue do it
You two can find a way to share it.
Are you afraid that you were beaten silly by Li Xiaolin?
Let me tell you something.
I only recognize Li Xiaolin as a son-in-law now
As for you?
A month later.
I'll transfer it to you.
One month?
I'm going to sit here tonight
I will tell you Mingyue
Li Xiaolin was maimed by our brothers
Ran into the mountains and forests
Li Mingyue can only marry me
I don't want you for the money.
Help take care of children in the future
Don't make you two old godmothers less sick
At that time, Li Mingyue felt sorry for him again
I will also feel sorry.
You just said that Li Xiaoling was beaten away by you
How did you say it came before?